You trash, fix it faster
The suspension is still inside
Okay, okay, okay, it's going to be okay.
It's fixed.
What are you doing?
Xia Ruyan, you are not dead
Why am I not dead? You are surprised.
Tingyue, why are you with my sister?
She's your sister?
Yes!
Five years ago, she was out with wild men
Was photographed
Shame our next home
Since that incident
We all thought she had died five years ago
next star
Sister, even if you hit me
I'm going to tell the garden the truth too.
So many years
You still only use this 30,000 trick
What happened to those photos back then?
I think you know very well
Ding Yu should know better than you
I want to ask you something right now.
Where is my child?
Child what child